# CourtStat
Fantasy Volleyball Mobile application implemented using <em>Angular</em>, <em>Firebase</em> and <em>Ionic</em>. Back-end written in <em>Python</em> to scrape data using <em>BeautifulSoup4</em> library.

<p> Fantasy sports leagues have been steadily gaining in popularity since their conception in 1950. Traditionally, however, automated point tracking systems have catered to large industries and leave a market gap for user-managed fantasy leagues. Regardless, user-managed leagues have exploded in popularity, increasing the complexity of their operation in proportion to the number of people using them. We seek to provide a more user-friendly solution compared to spreadsheets by automating scorekeeping. To track the score of a user’s team of selected players, the stats of each individual athlete must be recorded and updated for each game played. This is repeated for all players in the league, and kept track of individually for all users.</p> 

<p> CourtStat is a platform built for small-scale fantasy sport leagues to automate the scorekeeping process. To improve the user experience and tap into this emerging market, we seek to implement a dynamic web interface using PHP, MySQL, Javascript and Bootstrap to allow for both desktop and mobile access. This system allows users to create, maintain and compare fantasy teams, monitor their progress, and compete in local and global leagues. Stats are updated for all users when new data is added, and rankings are automatically calculated using server-side logic.</p>

